# Capstone Project: AI Assisted Learning

### Run the code

The application is entirely a frontend application, as such it requires being run on a computer with a web browser (Chrome or Firefox).

From there, `cd` into `build` folder from the terminal and run a simple http server

Python 2:
    python -m SimpleHTTPServer 8080

Python 3:
    python3 -m http.server

Then, open Chrome and go to `localhost:8080`.


### Build the project

If instead you wish to build the code, you need the to install the following:

1. [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/)
2. [create-react-app](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app)
3. Run `npm start` from project root
4. If 3) doesn't work immediately, you may have to first run `npm install` to install the node packages

For 2) You can simply run:
    npm install -g create-react-app
to install create-react-app

Running `npm start` will allow you to open http://localhost:3000 and see the app running there. You can build the HTML file with `npm run build`.

### Code Structure

This project is written using ReactJS with the `create-react-app` tool. This tool creates a basic application skeleton, as well as a way to run and build a project immediately.

The main code for the project is found under the `src` directory. The main code of interest is under `src/lib/chinese.js`. This file contains the main functions that enable text-to-speech and speech-to-text.

The rest of the `src` folder is reserved for React components. A React UI component tends to have a `.js` file, the behavior, and a `.css` file, the styling. The application starts at `index.js` and just displays the main `App` component.

Note that files like `registerServiceWorker.js` are generated by `create-react-app`.
